Enterprise v0.25 Docs + Release Notes (#335)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/v0.25/04_deploy/02_configure-deployment.md

## Customize Release Names

An Airflow Deployment's release name on Astronomer is a unique, immutable identifier for that Deployment that corresponds to its Kubernetes namespace and that renders in Grafana, Kibana, and other platform-level monitoring tools. By default, release names are randomly generated in the following format: `noun-noun-<4-digit-number>`. For example: `elementary-zenith-7243`.

To customize the release name for a Deployment as you're creating it, you first need to enable the feature on your Astronomer platform. To do so, set the following value in your `config.yaml` file:

```yaml
astronomer:
  houston:
    config:
      deployments:
        manualReleaseNames: true # Allows you to set your release names
```

Then, push the updated `config.yaml` file to your installation as described in [Apply a Config Change](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.25/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config).

After applying this change, the **Release Name** field in the Astronomer UI becomes configurable:

![Custom Release Name Field](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/docs/astronomer-ui/custom-release-name.png)

## DAG Deploy Methods

> By default, Astronomer users can deploy DAGs by building them directly into a Docker image and deploying the image using the Astronomer CLI. This workflow is described in [Deploy via the CLI](/docs/enterprise/v0.25/deploy/deploy-cli).
> 
> In this image-based deploy, your DAGs are built directly into the Docker image that's used to run your Airflow Deployment. DAGs are rebuilt into the image each time you run `astro deploy` from the Astronomer CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Astronomer users can deploy DAGs to an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer by building them into a Docker image and pushing that image to the Astronomer Registry via the CLI or API. This workflow is described in [Deploy via the CLI](/docs/enterprise/v0.25/deploy/deploy-cli).

When this image-based deploy mechanism is used, your DAGs are built into a Docker image alongside all other files in your Airflow project directory - your Python and OS-level packages, your Dockerfile, and your plugins. This image is then used to generate a set of Docker containers for each of Airflow's core components. Every time you run `astro deploy` via the Astronomer CLI, your DAGs are rebuilt into a new Docker image and all Docker containers are restarted.
```

> Once you create a local Airflow project directory, this deployment method requires no additional setup. We recommend an image-based setup when getting started with Airflow.

Reviewer: Hm don't totally understand the first sentence here. Maybe rephrase to:

> Since it does not require additional setup, we recommend the image-based deploy mechanism for those getting started with Airflow.

> Alternatively, you can enable NFS volume-based DAG deployments. In an NFS volume-based deploy, you deploy DAGs to Airflow by adding them to an external NFS volume. Deploying to an NFS volume does not require rebuilding your Docker image, which makes this a good strategy for users who want to quickly or continuously deploy DAGs to Airflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For advanced teams who deploy DAG changes more frequently, Astronomer also supports an [NFS volume-based](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#nfs) deploy mechanism. In this method, users deploy DAGs to an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer by adding the corresponding Python files to a shared file system such as [GCP Filestore](https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/creating-instances) or [AWS EFS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/getting-started.html). Deploying to an NFS volume does not require rebuilding a Docker image and restarting Docker containers, limiting downtime and enabling continuous deployment.
```

Reviewer: I think more accurate language here - lmk what you think.

> To use NFS volume-based deploy, you must first enable the feature on your platform and configure an external NFS volume. For more information, read [Deploy DAGs via NFS Volume](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/deploy/deploy-nfs).

Reviewer: I still just feel like this section is a bit run-on. Why not start introduce it by stating that there are 2 deploy mechanisms, and then going into describing each one?

Author: Just made this change above.

> To use NFS volume-based deploy, you must first enable the feature on your platform and configure an external NFS volume. For more information, read [Deploy DAGs via NFS Volume](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/deploy/deploy-nfs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use NFS volume-based deploy, you must first enable the feature at the platform-level and configure an external NFS volume for every Airflow Deployment you'd like to apply this mechanism to. For more information, read [Deploy DAGs via NFS Volume](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/deploy/deploy-nfs).
```

Author: I decided to cut the second part about actually using the mechanism in production. As long as they know it's not on by default, they can go to the next guide to see the actual details of implementing this.

> This method must be explicitly enabled on your platform. You must also create an external NFS volume and specify the location of the volume in Astronomer. For more information, read [Deploy to an NFS Volume](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/deploy/deploy-nfs).

Reviewer: Nice, good start here. A few thoughts:

- What do you think about explicitly listing the two deployment methods to start, and then explaining each one from there?
- After I jump to the second paragraph, I actually don't realize that "image-based Deployment" is what you described in the first paragraph. Maybe no need so split out description of the first method into 3 paragraphs?
- I think a screenshot of this "choice" would be nice if we have one (I tbh haven't seen it, but I presume when a user creates a deployment they pick)

Author: I decided not to start out with the two choices, because NFS Volumes is not on by default. I think we first want to explain image-based Deployments, since that's what most people will be using, and then offer NFS as an alternative. 

Also, what are your thoughts on sayin "image-based deploys" vs. "image-based deployments"? I kind of like the first more because it differentiates from Airflow Deployments.
